# seung

Topic: Chingoo is a language learning website that focuses on learning Korean. Chingoo means a “friend” in Korean; and is a fun and friendly platform where the audience can learn about Korea’s rich history, culture, and famous landmarks as they learn the language along the way. The target audience is people who are interested in learning Korean as well as traveling to the country.

Problem: Most language learning platforms only offer services that just focus on teaching the language. I believe that learners learn better and faster when they become familiar with the selected language’s country. I created Chingoo to propose that learning a language should be fun rather than just memorizing vocabularies and phrases. 

Target Audience: The target audiences are people who are interested in visiting Korea. The website introduces five categories which are history, food, shopping, culture, and places. The audience can then select their choices of category to explore the country. At the end of each category, the website introduces multiple phrases and vocabularies that people can learn. My audience is people who wish to learn the language more effectively and get to know the country better. 
User Stories: My first user is a college student who is looking to do an exchange study program in Korea. He/she would like to learn about the country such as its history and culture. He/she is also interested in the food he/she can eat; and places he/she can go to shop and tour. On top of those, he/she is eager to grasp basic phrases and vocabularies that he/she can use when he gets to Korea. The user is excited to travel to the country and get a basic sense of what Korea is like when he/she actually gets there.
	My second user is a businessman/woman who is visiting Korea for work. He/she would need to grasp basic phrases and vocabularies to travel. Even though he/she would be staying in the country for a short time, he/she would like to learn about the culture so that he/she can have a friendly and well-mannered meeting with his/her business partners. He/she would use the website while he’s traveling in Korea and use it as a tool that could help him/her get his/her ways around.

Site Objectives: The learners would use Chingoo to learn Korean and grasp a basic sense of what it would be like when they actually get to the country. I also want Chingoo to serve as a useful tool when they are in Korea.

Strategies: For each category, Chingoo shows a full photo that represents each of the categories. The reason behind it is I want the audience to experience Korea virtually. Each photo is supported by small descriptions explaining what they are. After the audience has experienced it, they are then introduced to phrases and vocabularies that are related to each of the categories. I really want the audience to engage fully with learning about the country as well rather than just focusing on learning the language. From my own personal experience, people tend to learn more effectively when they are in a fun and and friendly experience. I want Chingoo to provide a full experience where the learners can have a little glimpse into what Korea is like when they actually get to travel the country. It will also serve as a great introductory tool which the learners can prepare themselves better before visiting Korea.

Success Metrics: At the end of each section, there will be quizzes for the learners to solve. It will test them the phrases and vocabularies that were introduced for each section. The learners can always go back to the beginning of the category to review what they have learned.

Scope: For the phrases I am introducing, I included an audio button that the learners can listen to the pronunciation. Each phrase card also offers both the Korean words and pronunciation in English so that the learners can pick it up easily. These phrases are based on which category the learners are exploring.

Structure: The main homepage introduces the five categories which are history, food, shopping, culture, and places. When the user selects their choice of category, they are introduced to a page where they can experience Korea based on the category. For example, shopping section shows a famous place called Dongdaemun and provides a brief description of the place. When they are done reading the description and seeing the picture, they can click on the button that says, “Let’s learn some phrases!” It leads to pages where the learners can learn about simple phrases that they can use when they are shopping. After they are done with learning the phrases, the website provides a quiz at the end for the audience to review. 
